Please read this IBM license agreement (called the "Agreement") carefully. Your
use of the software or any related documentation (called the "Software")
indicates your acceptance of the following terms and conditions. If you do not
agree to these terms and conditions, you may not install or use the Software.

BY DOWNLOADING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU VERIFY THAT YOU ARE A REPRESENTATIVE OF A
NONPROFIT OR ACADEMIC INSTITUTION AND THAT YOU WILL USE THIS SOFTWARE FOR
NON-COMMERCIAL, RESEARCH PURPOSES ONLY.

The Software that is made available through this IBM World Wide Web site is not
generally available software. It has not undergone complete testing and may
contain errors. It may not function properly and is subject to change at any
time. No support or maintenance is provided with the Software. Do not install
this software if you are not accustomed to using experimental software.

The Software may be withdrawn from this site at any time. The Software is made
available without charge in the experimental stage in order to allow you to
evaluate the Software in its developmental stage.

We encourage your feedback and suggestions.

1. Ownership and License.
The Software is owned by International Business Machines Corporation or one of
its subsidiaries ("IBM") and is copyrighted and licensed, not sold.

IBM grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal license to use this
Software and use it only for non-commercial purposes as a representative of a
nonprofit or academic institution. Implied licenses are negated.

You may copy the Software for backup only. You may not: 1) merge, distribute
(for free or for sale) or sublicense the Software; 2) reverse assemble, reverse
compile, or otherwise translate the Software.

2. Term and Termination
This Agreement will terminate ninety (90) days after the date on which you
receive the Software. At the end of the 90 days, you may return to this site and
obtain another license if you would like to continue to use the Software.

3. Warranty Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
IBM licenses the Software to you on an "as is" basis, without warranty of any
kind. IBM hereby expressly disclaims all warranties or conditions, either
express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties or
conditions of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and any
warranty of non-infringement. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using this Software and assume all risks associated with the
use of this Software, including but not limited to the risks of program errors,
damage to or loss of data, programs or equipment, and unavailability or
interruption of operations. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or
limitation of implied warranties, so the above limitations or exclusions may not
apply to you.
IBM will not be liable for any direct damages or for any special, incidental, or
indirect damages or for any economic consequential damages (including lost
profits or savings), even if IBM has been advised of the possibility of such
damages. IBM will not be liable for the loss of, or damage to, your records or
data, or any damages claimed by you based on a third party claim. Some
jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to
you.

4. License Rights
You hereby grant to IBM an irrevocable license under all intellectual property
rights (including copyright) to use, copy, distribute, sublicense, display,
perform and prepare derivative works based upon any feedback, including
materials, fixes, error corrections, enhancements, suggestions and the like that
you provide to IBM.

5. General
This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York. This Agreement
is the only understanding and agreement we have regarding your use of the
Software. It supersedes all other communications, understandings or agreements
we may have had prior to this Agreement. 
